Azure Core October GA Release (#6053)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp: sdk/core/azure-core/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.14.0 (2024-10-03)

### Features Added

> - Added new constructor for `Azure::Core::Context` that takes a `std::chrono::system_clock::time_point` deadline. This enables creating a new context directly with a deadline.

Reviewer: This isn't accurate, the new ctor accepts an Azure::DateTime.

https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp/blob/171386533aba7cee966a50daff9735fe2431a1db/sdk/core/azure-core/inc/azure/core/context.hpp#L209

Also, nit:
Added **a** new constructor...
Instead of
Added new constructor...

Author: @LarryOsterman, you've written that entry, if you'd rephrase it, could you please post a suggestion comment with the edits? (Or, if you'd like to keep it as-is, could you please also reply?)

Reviewer 2: Whatever you feel comfortable with. I think that the comment should be accurate, and I have no issues with the grammar suggestion.

Reviewer: I probably should have, in this case.

# Release History

## 1.14.0 (2024-10-03)

### Features Added

> - Added new constructor for `Azure::Core::Context` that takes a `std::chrono::system_clock::time_point` deadline. This enables creating a new context directly with a deadline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added a new constructor for `Azure::Core::Context` that takes an `Azue::Core::Context` deadline. This enables creating a new context directly with a deadline.
```

Author: Thank you!
